this is hydrogen tap what we're doing
right now is looking at the errands l
it's 15 plate sell each plate is
separated by one eighth of an inch this
is a test that you have to look from the
first to the end the last test what we
did is we demoed the use of the spring
water in the cell and you could see what
it's doing here I've got it back in a
spring water and you can see the amount
of gas it's producing which isn't too
much it is producing it and it seems to
be clear or clean in just a minute
you're going to see a few pieces of
garbage come up but all in all the cell
is not producing very much hydrogen
oxygen what this video is going to show
you is a new discovery hopefully you're
considered as important as I did right
now we're operating over 12 volts to get
what you see here in the spring water I
showed you before regular tap water in
the last video and it was full of
garbage will turn this off in a minute
the voltage is running over 13 volts
using a charging system with it it's a
good view of the cell again this is in
what's called spring water this was in
the last video I'm re doing it in this
video in the beginning to you can see
what it looked like it's a good view of
the top of the cell again this the
plates are separated by an eighth of an
inch can go on hydrogen
tapti ap com if you want to see what the
cell looks like I'm Stills and I have
some Meyer information up there as well
again it's in spring water right now so
between the last video in this video you
could see the garbage in the last video
and the amount of hydrogen that came out
of the cell using tap water the reason
I'm showing you though the long video on
this is because the cell is not
operating correctly it should be putting
out more hydrogen than it is and we're
putting out more than 13 volts at almost
15 amps I'm sorry almost 10 amps I don't
remember what it was we'll look at it in
a second and now what we're going to do
is put straight tap water in this unit
the tap where has been run for 30
seconds same tap water you saw in the
previous video that showed you all the
garbage now watch what happens if you go
back to the last video and see the tap
water test compare it with this video
and you're going to notice something
really interesting this is putting out
so much hydrogen that I'm going to have
to turn it off and it's only putting out
that hydrogen with 11 volts and let's
look at the amp meter and you can see
it's only a little over 10 to about 12
amps if you remember a lot of the other
videos out there by other people there
they're saying that they're putting out
much much more with much less
look how much hydrogen is coming out of
this cell this is the air and sell 15
plate system now look at the voltage
that we're using 11 in just a moment
we're going to see it go down because
I'm not using a charger on this this is
putting out so much hydrogen that I'm
going to have to turn
you